gluon-harden-dropbear: Add package (#3541)
freifunk-gluon/gluon: docs/package/gluon-harden-dropbear.rst

gluon-harden-dropbear
=====================

This package reduces the attack surface of dropbear, the SSH server on the router.

If the root account either has no password configured or is locked,

> password-authorization is disabled in dropbear's settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
password authorization is disabled in dropbear's settings.
```

> 

Reviewer: Duplicate blank line

Author: resolved in 4e85c03234f0ed20958b7824f4ab285ae1ca7329

> if furthermore no SSH key is authorized to login, the service dropbear is disabled.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If furthermore no SSH key is authorized to login, the dropbear service is disabled.
```
that's an good argument :+1:

> if furthermore no SSH key is authorized to login, the service dropbear is disabled.

Author: resolved in aa490b0883f15076dd4c0519120d56b64bc6ad46

Changing the password or updating authorized keys
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Via console
"""""""""""

Upon editing */etc/dropbear/authorized_keys* or changing root's password,

> a call to *gluon-reconfigure* as well as a reboot might be needed in order to have dropbear launched conditionally upon boot.

Author: I like the passive structure. The bit around "a call to" and "executing" struck me, too.
I'd stick with the shorter one. But if someone insists I wont ponder about these things.

I'm looking for feedback on mistakes and inaccuracies.

.. code-block:: bash

  passwd
  gluon-reconfigure
  reboot

In setup-mode
"""""""""""""

> As *gluon-reconfigure* and a reboot happen upon leaving the setup-mode, no further steps are required.

Reviewer: This is not entirely correct - `gluon-reconfigure` only happens when rebooting using the `Save and reboot` button in the web UI - not when switching from setup mode to regular operating by rebooting via SSH.

Reviewer: Even if it's not supported officially, quickly preparing multiple nodes over SSH (set password, edit gluon-setup-mode UCI, reboot) is likely to be done occasionally, and it may result in confusion if the nodes are not actually reachable via SSH until the next upgrade. Personally, I almost never use the Web UI during testing, and instead use the above steps to set up my nodes.

Reviewer: How about the following?
```suggestion
As *gluon-reconfigure* is run when rebooting from  the setup-mode web interface, no further steps are required.
```

Author: resolved in 4b343b7c0ab94ce2395aa7649d7e65a06817dc33
